# Swarm-Auto-bots
Obstacle Avoidance of Multi-Agent System using Swarm Auto-bots
To solve the low-design problems of dicult control, poor portability and poor stability of traditional multi-agent formation, a multi-agent formation obstacle avoid ance method is proposed.Swarm Auto-bots are having unprecedented positive impact in our personal social and business operations. Swarm Auto-bots is a eld in which large numbers of robots are coordinated to perform a desired task. The nature of individual Auto-bots is either heterogeneous or homogenous robots. A signicant portion of research is seen to be interested in mobile Auto-bots. The main aim is to fabricate and develop an autonomous and intelligent system to perform swarming with synchronization and continuous communication. It is a system in which the moving Auto-bots perform swarming; avoiding obstacles and collisions among them- selves by controlling parameters like stability and synchronization. The prototype comprises of three unmanned ground vehicles (UGVs). These UGVs forms swarm. The swarm Auto-bots are comprised of one Master the decision-making Auto-bot and two of them are Slaves which act accordingly to the alpha node in a synchronized manner. The UGVs are designed and fabricated on the same computational power to enhance ability and modication according to application. The communication channel is Wi-Fi of range 220 meters, yet well-secured Master only communicates to unique MAC address of Slave and can handle 250 bytes of data up to 20 beta nodes if attached.
